

Project: Developing an online platform that measures personality characteristics of individuals and then provides personalised .pdf reports based on their results. 
More details: the platform is expected to work in the followingway.

	1. Individuals browse through a list of personality characteristics and select a subset that they are interested in. 

	2. Individuals make an online payment.  

	3. Individuals complete the assessment by answering a number of questions, associated with each personality characteristic that they have selected. Here, they rate the degree of their 	agreement with each question. Their raw numerical data are recorded.  

	4. Recorded raw data get encrypted (256-bit Encryption) and get sent to the server.

	5. At the server, raw data gets decrypted and a specific transformation is applied to it (I provide exact instructions on this but it essentially involves averaging procedures and then a 	transformation via multiplication by a specific constant).

	6. After the data transformation is complete, we need to see which percentile the transformed data result falls under. 

	7. Depending on the percentile, a personalised report (.pdf) with the 	descriptive results is generated and then gets sent back to an individual's e-mail address. (Template on the .pdf 		report is provided by me). 

	8. Data at the server get encrypted back and is stored there before it gets erased after a specific period of time. 


Time constraints:

	Stage 1: development of an the actual platform - 4 months. At the time of completion, it is expected that a number of provided personality characteristics will be fully functioning on the 	web-site.  

	Note: I will provide visual templates of all pages (fonts, margins, pictures etc), so that the selected web-development team can focus solely on implementing the instructions and developing 	the platform. Also, logo will be provided you in vector.  


	Stage 2: continual support for bug fixes and adding more personality characteristics to the existing on-line infrastructure at request. 


Funding: 
	
	$12,000 available but this figure is negotiable, depending on the final amount of work required  


Kind regards 

CP